I think the next time I saw this, Mr. Welch,
when I asked Mr. Driscoe to get from my files,
any member of the having to do with the
Chincon Charm, a crappy matter.
Did you know Senator that she was maintaining that little file
that was putting evidence here?
Well, I know that Mary filed things that she considered important.
Oh, I understand she filed things, but you know that she was maintaining that little file
that she put in evidence when she came up to testify.
I don't know how to give you a little file, I...
But one, you know what I mean, don't you?
I assume that she was keeping these members in the file.
But you know that she had that little file all put together
until you last saw her looking for it in March.
Uh, Mr. Welch, I told you,
last I knew that Mary Driscoe,
being an efficient secretary, was saving any member
in the... the currency of any importance.
No, I...
I don't know.
Well, my question is Senator,
did you know that she had them all neatly assembled in one file?
I was wondering what she does, and if we don't say it.
And did you know that she had them all neatly assembled?
I didn't know that they were assembled or not.
Was it a good and a glad surprise to you
when you found them all put together?
I knew that Mr. Discoe would have the memorandum.
I asked her for them.
She gave them to me periods.
There was nothing especially glad about knowing what I've known for years
and I've definitely extremely confident.
Did you first say...
Did you first send my car searching through the files for me?
And did it mark 11th?
I believe I told Frank to check the files.
I think he had these testified.
The past bad job on him was to just go knowing that she had the files.
Was he the one that had the glad surprise,
a finding in the file,
and Mr. Discoe's design to all put together over you the ones?
May what surprise?
The glad surprise.
I wasn't surprised.
Was he the one that found it or were you?
Mr. Discoe kept them here by the files.
And gave it to the police first.
Me?
To you first.
Do all the time in the fire?
A question shall pass under the left.
Yes.
Turn to the right.
As long as that's...
I said, Mr. Welfare,
I was having a...
I will ask Mr. St. Fred to finish the item that he had in hand quite shortly
and then I will come back.
Thank you, sir.
You and I were discussing quite early this morning these
the last blackmail attempt of December of January 22nd.
My memory was that I had asked you whether or not it was not true
that the substance of the matter that John Adams was supposed to have blackmailed you with
and tried to blackmail you with had already become a matter of public knowledge in the newspapers.
Can you call that?
I don't know how much of that was in the newspapers, Mr. St. Fred.
I know that there were some sort of leaked stories that appeared
that's what they were I frankly don't know.
Except I think someone called my attention to a column which I referred to
after the other day along in December.
That's right, on December 22nd, the day you wrote the letter to the summer era.
I believe you and I made it.
That's what raised you about the letter was because you have seen that in the newspaper.
On that very morning, I don't think that that column, I believe there had
another so-called dope story as a nice collect story.
In addition to last time, they not only had it been in the newspapers
but at least four senators know about it, didn't they?
I don't know how many sons were in the allowance.
Well, you know that John Adams defended the Senate of Dutton?
No, I didn't know that Mr. Adams had been a city of under Dutton.
Well, you received a call trying to find a card and might have been supposed to blackmail
the template was made to that effect that wasn't it?
I received a call to the effect that Mr. Adams had either phone with Mr. Dutton
or had seen him or something.
I forget to switch it on.
So here's the man trying to blackmail you with information and drill curves
and had in his column that other newspapers had talked about and with all respect
to the United States Senate, four senators knew about it.
Which hardly asleep it wasn't.
He didn't fix things.
No, I thought he was trying to asleep it wasn't.
Mr. Sinclair, I think that you make a good point there.
I think that Mr. Adams had discussed us with a number of newsmen.
And prior to the time he discussed it with me, I didn't realize the extent of that.
For example, Mr. Adams saw me.
He didn't tell me that he had had a meeting with Bill Rogers and Brown L
and the second other individuals.
So that much of this, even I know now, I didn't know that time.
No, but you know it's your parents that read about it?
I knew that he had written above it that he didn't have all of the material
that was finally produced.
Mayor Sinclair, that you made that it wasn't every sponsor to the question
of giving up that time.
Giving up the time Mr. Adams talked to me on the night of the 22nd.
There was no information that there was a plan to smear a bank car.
Roy Cohn was the target man.
Frank was brought in later by someone else.
Well now the blackmail that you testified to was Roy Cohn now.
The blackmail was the threat to Roy Cohn.
No.
The two-way report claiming that Roy had used improper methods to get this plan
that promoted to the apparatus.
Now, so that as it comes out here was an attempt at blackmail, sir.
I was in the new papers and four senators already knew about it.
And at least you knew about Senator Dertz and now is that very nice
because Frank's car falls in the hole.
All right?
I don't believe all of this information is carried with papers
and all the reports that finally exist.
Well, it was such a serious matter, sir, that you gave John Adams some gifts
as he left your home that night.
It wasn't.
Mrs. McCarthy gave Mr. Adams and as I say, some self-decoder, self-examination, some cheese,
and my friend Steve has never had much to deal with him.
I hate very much to bring your wife into it.
I was prepared, sir, that's not much of what you are approval on that evening.
Anything that my wife has done so far,
especially in the other fact that she is a scared listening to me now
and me, so it's my heart, he approves.
I know you would say that, sir.
So that in all honesty, Senator,
you don't give gifts to persons who come around the steps of blackmail, you do?
Mr....
Well, the answer is really...
Frank, where I gave Mr. Adams some...
...many days.
Well, some days, there were some cheese and some stuff.
It's one thing people must come to do.
The blackmail I've done with...
Oh, I know what you're saying, Claire, that may sound familiar.
Claire, that moment...
Well, it's a...
It's a moment, honestly, because...
The point is that John Adams had been training to induce us to call off these hearings for some time.
I felt that he felt out of his job.
I felt that he was doing much too far.
When he made these bets about...
...eachery report about Roy,
I didn't think that way he would do it.
I just couldn't conceive of his doing it.
First, as I say, there was much to happen...
What happened?
Much, much to happen by that time that I...
...I didn't know a band that I know now.
I didn't know, for example, that...
...like that.
Well, do you mean he was getting some of it?
No, I didn't think he was getting answer.
No, I thought it's van, but this man has come.
Can anyone at night?
Mr. Pinkler, you may be able to respond with this.
But I'm trying to convince you that this is short.
I'm just announcing your question.
Okay?
Yeah, that's right.
I said I didn't think he was kidding.
I felt that John was doing everything he could...
...to induce us to call off the hearings.
Including?
I'm sorry, sir.
Including attempting to blackmail you.
Is that right?
I would consider that blackmail the threat to issue...
...the type of school that's report...
...projected them.
Completely unfound with no basis and fright.
Against Mr. Cormor, Mr. Cron, Mr. Singh Claire...
...I think we should remember in the following minutes...
...of the hope of the police.
Is that free time that they...
...only charge of this conduct...
...made by either Mr. Stephen's...
...proud of the slam on her oath?
Because my chief counsel here was unable...
...to induce me to the dissess...
...from calling the members of the old human world...
...yborid with the sending coming of black prosecutor...
...or I never tried to do that...
...if he had he would have none of them for such.
I must have a rather poor memory, sir...
...that I have to recall some testimony...
...that Roy made some threats.
But you and I are not now going to argue this case.
I don't think it's appropriate for any man to make any threats.
I'm going to make a threat.
Mr. C. Cormor, sorry, sir.
I have a request.
You know, I'm going to raise the meeting.
You talked about my chief counsel.
I've got to discuss it.
You said there were a ton of...
...their fault was making threats.
There was a discussion about...
...part-roy threat.
He was invited down to go through the radar laboratory...
...as a fortman.
Who knew you got those?
He was excluded.
I think he was.
I think that I would have been much, much more irritated...
...if I had been in Roy Cormor's position that day.
There's also a senator's suggestion...
...about a certain automobile ride.
Isn't that right?
If I'm hooked, I'd be in my arms.
I just tell him the truth.
And that's committee in my view.
Thank you.
Now, as I understand it, this is such a...
...souralist...
...mar against the name of Roy Corm...
...that on the same night...
...you left Mr. Adams giving him gifts.
Is that the way, only?
Mr. Adams had not issued the report up at that point.
But he had spoken to you, saying.
Since even he...
...very strongly in the deal, let me know...
...that he had continued with the hearings...
...he would issue a report.
I didn't believe any word of that time.
He didn't believe it.
Because I had listened to John Scott...
...forfeiting on for quite some time.
Well, that is...
...I didn't believe anyone could be so dishonest.
As to issue the fall...
...consultant fraudulent...
...since I was very...
...experienced in my right.
But now left, Mr. Corm...
...we have to put one more second on my left.
Well, they are conferring...
...and while we have the opportunity...
...let's pretend to watch.
Here we go.
I'm welcome.
I'm welcome, I'm welcome.
One question of the...
...with time to change in the South Dakota South...
...extend it.
Listen to Kathy.
Went in and got those things to join Adam.
We did not say that.
I don't give them to him.
I didn't like some of the things he said to me tonight.
Is that right?
No, I don't know.
I'm just in the words and you don't.
Right.
And the second point is that there's a difference...
...between leaking...
...a sentence or a tool or something.
So a columnist...
...and issuing a...
...long list of charges...
...under the name of the...
...department of the Army...
...has been up and blazing headlines...
...on every front page in the country.
There's something Mr. Colman is saying...
...in front of to John Adam.
I think it was unjustified to hear that he said...
...one thing to hear the things from you and get some control.
I don't think that John Adam...
...would have issued these folks charges on his own.
At this point, I don't know who's responsible.
I don't think that's done.
Money first.
Well, take over.
I have just a few more questions.
I take it this.
You will agree to this extent that John Adam...
...is never directly said that he was going to issue those charges, all right?
You never said in so many words.
I wish he was charged as a user-eye phone...
...but the conversation made it clear that he was...
...mightingly fast.
You interpret it.
Right.
And in fact, someone told me that I...
...referred.
In fact, I think I used the term...
...at least half a dozen times that night.
For the term blackmail, I pointed out to Mr. Adam...
...that while he felt...
...he apparently honestly felt it was a mistake...
...to us to continue our investigation of the...
...the...
...the future of the Army...
...that every other department would feel the same way.
And I just got within the science...
...in fact, something from detail, the fact...
...that I had gone out in campaign...
...and I think it's men like paintings, men like veterans.
Because I felt that they were placing...
...possibly above country.
And I thought no one had a right...
...to do any fight-washing.
And I told him the file...
...it might temporarily hurt.
In the end, it was wise...
...for ever when we would develop all the facts.
I discussed with him the...
...as every call the government's putting off a state.
I pointed out that there we found a bad situation...
...but the newsmead, Mr. Brottonberg...
...gave us some quick cooperation.
When he found that the loyalty board had nothing...
...doing his job as a should-bearer factor in those...
...then he removed all the personnel in the coming days.
And I suggested Mr. Adams...
...what the team of the 50th and 50th students could do...
...he had a different view of this situation.
Well, let me ask you that, Senator.
Were you trying to accomplish something yourself with this meeting?
I was trying to induce Mr. Adams to work with us...
...and let you call the lawyer.
So that we could...
...suffer American people, see these faces in the names...
...of those individuals that had been responsible for...
...what I, Mr. St. Claire, have told Stephen.
And that's why you invited John Adams here home that night.
To see if you could convince him...
...that you should be allowed to have the lawyer's board...
...before your committee.
That may have been one of the reasons I was...
...I was also disturbed about the fact that...
...he had been giving tonight's concert full statements...
...for some of the Seniors in regard to Mr. Cohn.
I thought you didn't know about that, Senator McCrady.
I didn't know that Mr. Adams had done it.
I believe he had been giving.
I'm sorry, Senator St. Claire.
I told you I didn't know that...
...I believe that Mr. Adams must have been the individual...
...and I think the Seniors sitting here...
...will know that none of them told me that it was John Adams...
...who gave them that particular story as far as I know.
That's the best in my recollection.
I...I felt it, John.
What do you know about that?
I thought it was.
I didn't know it was.
Very well. One thing you want to do at the conference...
...is to see if you could work out some understanding...
...on the lawyer's board.
What do you want to do with Mr. Cohn?
Well, maybe just get to know. It's getting late, Senator.
I know it's getting late, but not too late to get to have the fight.
But when I...
...one of the students with the Seniors was to work out...
...any situation which we could get the information...
...which the American people could have about...
...communist infiltration.
And I believe...
...not protect those numbers of all the boys.
And I believe it has to be that...
...the one thing you have read on is to wait those...
...secretary senators in Paris.
I think we did.
All right.
The Secretary turned on about February 3rd.
It was all about the way the turn.
And there's another fact Senator...
...that the Secretary of the Secretary of the Secretary...
...has not called the law to go ahead.
I am not.
And there was a conservative senator...
...between February 3rd and March the 10th or 11th...
...when the President and President of the Chamber...
...longed which he could have done that.
No, I am not talking about the Lincoln-Berry's...
...pick and choice.
This might have just been the activity from...
...the Democratic Chamber.
Very shortly after the third of February...
...I think it was the fourth or first...
...I was given for...
...I don't think so.
I think 10th or 12th is...
...I feel back.
We went to the first case...
...and during the first case...
...that things blew up.
Well, the President, before your committee...
...on March the 2nd of February...
...he went before our committee on the 30th of January...
...but General St. Wicker...
...was before the committee of your holiday's lunch.
I must have come on reminds me...
...the first class was not before the committee...
...on the open freshman's of February 18th...
...he was before the committee on the executive...
...Section and January 30th.
I know, and Wicker was before his right after class.
So you had some February 18th and tomorrow's test...
...to call the lawyer board.
I think that's a surprise.
Well, you've already got to write, sir, that if there was any...
...blackmail, certainly was not effective.
That was not effective.
Well, the reason then, why he didn't call the lawyer...
...is the word must be some other reason.
Isn't that right?
No.
It wasn't the blackmail.
You say?
In the...
...we came back when we were in the press case...
...we felt that such a text...
...presidents over the following lawyer board.
During the press case that Mr. Steven called...
...what about the date?
20th of February?
20th of February.
And that time, onward, our committee has been particularly immobilized...
...I couldn't possibly call the lawyer board.
I still may say, it's not necessarily clear.
So there's no doubt on the fact that...
...anyone that I am going to attempt to call...
...the members of that...
...boy-oldy board.
When we get through with the hearings...
...I hope the committee will go along with me on that.
I think the American people should know why...
...that board of 30 individuals...
...became a mind that all 30 didn't fit in every state...
...they just picked out random three or five of these kids.
I think the American people should know why...
...over the past number of years...
...the members of that board...
...consciously sent men back to the radar laboratory.
My toxic radar laboratory...
...even after the first Army-oyalty board had found them on fifth...
...and gone to the Royal University.
I hope the committee votes with me on that...
...if they do, we will attempt to give the American people a fight.
All I'm trying to develop Senator is...
...your testimony that the attempted blackmail is not effective.
Am I right?
The attempted blackmail was not effective...
...but the issuance of the report...
...affectively called off our investigation exposure.
But it wasn't issued until the Pences March was a senator.
The attempted level, I believe he level.
That's right.
I would call John Adams that the five that you said on the 20th of January...
...the Roy Cohn itself involved himself in this matter...
...that you could no longer go forward.
I think so.
Well, it so happened you did not go forward, did you Senator?
Yes, I did.
Well, when did you go forward on the Royalty board senator?
I have never...
...I have never had the Royalty board before me...
...and I had no freedom to form me...
...forging him to produce the Royalty board.
That was the point of the committee.
I had to do that.
The direct call I agreed to wait until Bob Stevens got back...
...I thought the maybe Mr. Stevens would agree with us.
On the matter, the first conversation I had with Mr. Stevens...
...that we got back was when he called me...
...and that monitored phone conversation that you have here.
And from that time onward, it was incomparable to...
...anything our committee has been emotionalized.
Well, the very day before the report of March 10th was issued...
...you sent over six names of servicemen who used that...
...recommunities, did you know?
I sent over a request for the production of six individuals...
...with records of communist activity.
So you had available time to go into the Royalty board, didn't you?
We had to do it.
We had time.
But you didn't do it.
Up to this point, we had not we hoped to do it.
That's right.
That's all I have.
Mr. Turner, would you be good enough to...
...have I...
...is there some of the same time left?
Would you be good enough?
I'll try and give you some justice fire.
At volume 31,
...just to clarify.
I'll tell you the right test.
Tell you the left test.
And can you come?
You have?
I have.
Good.
You have to know.
Mr. Turner, would you be good enough to look at volume 31...
...of the record?
Say 6170.
I know.
What about this?
6170.
You were just trying to find out the Atlanta...
...that I had been trying to find out.
And four lines from the bottom.
You say Mr. Conor and Mr. Carl were not in town.
I called my office not for that purpose.
Alone.
The word is A, L, O, N, G.
But I think it should be alone.
Do you not agree?
Is that right?
Well, you personally read the last money.
Not for that.
Not for that purpose alone.
But just to make sure that it was not me forgotten.
Because I was leaving the next day.
I dictated a memorandum on the lot of matters.
And it was brought up the next noon...
...and we discussed it in late detail.
May I say.
And with considerable bigger on the part of some of the participants.
Did you mean by that to say the memorandum was brought up the next noon...
...or the subject was?
The subject was brought up.
And if this sounds as if the memorandum was brought up...
...and I think you're right, that it's you must have meant the other thing.
What it really should indicate is...
...that the subject was brought up the next noon.
Is that not correct?
That's not the obvious...
...weaving of the same symmetry as...
...and the next noon means a gaseous respite.
Is that right?
That is right.
Now, Senator...
...you must inform the judge and the lawyer.
And you are familiar with the rule that a witness to a conversation...
...ought to state the subject matter...
...and ought to state the substands of what each person said in the conference.
Are you familiar with that rule?
I don't understand you.
Let me put it here.
There's an important little investigation.
Certainly the conversation should be recited.
And in substance law, nobody can hope to recall the precise word.
Is that right?
I think it'll be impossible for anyone to recall it.
Now, very in mind, you're training as a lawyer and a judge.
Will you give me the rare creeps there in this rule?
I don't blame you alone, but will you give me the rare creeps...
...of stating in substance what each person said about law and the collapse?
Start it anyway you want and give us actually the best you can...
...saying that your Adam said in substance I reside in substance or Mr. Conn...
...and actually make a lawyer's ears sing for once by stating it the way I should be stated.
Will you do it, sir?
I don't know if I can make your ears sing, but I have to.
I don't think I'd say...
...I don't think I'll be glad to give you the substance of the conversation...
...the substance of the words.
Who's got it? Who's going first?
I don't think I'll be the first.
I'll think out somebody. Let's go.
I won't think out.
And he said and somebody else said.
I don't understand how I want it.
I will just tell you the substance of the conversation.
Who said Watt's leave?
Now don't give me a resume, but just tell me who said Watt's leave.
Mr. Watt, you just kept your hearing me that you didn't expect me to repeat for a bit.
But it's quite a long...
Who do you say introduced it?
Conn or Adam's or you on car?
When you left in the street now?
First tell me who introduced for substance.
I don't know.
Well, Mr. Conn thought he knew.
Did you hear him testify?
All right. Who did he think so?
The other dance moves.
Well, don't you remember what he said?
Well, anyhow, Senator...
We're referring to his testimony.
Anyhow, start out in Calus.
The substance of what he twung fast.
I have an exciting foretell.
You're an rusty said.
Good. I want to be sure you're going to please me.
Not with the contents of what the cargo of the next appear to have been.
I mean, I'm pleased you, Mr. Watt.
But I will give you a sample.
We just go.
Great length.
I don't know who brought up the subject.
Discuss the question of the suggestive breaking of General Watt.
That I hope by breaking you, Mr. Chairman, I mean the removal of Mr. Watt and Mr. Mann.
That's the subject.
Mr. Conn very vigorously protested.
So this was taking action against the man because he was a witness before the committee.
Two pointed out.
Mr. Conn, I think the most of the talking that day.
Mr. Conn pointed out that his break had break a general for cooperating with the committee
and getting rid of Communists from the sacred radar labor service.
That that would mean that it would be almost impossible.
The broader committee to get testimony in the future.
Some individuals who had wires, families that depend upon their salary.
That there would be no doubt about it.
In effect, they also would be broke.
Mr. Adams persisted in saying that it had nothing to do with the cooperation of the port and monolith.
So that's something I do with a statement that Mr. Lawsman had made to some staff meeting.
There was no...
And I think the matter went back and forth.
That's about all I can tell you.
I can't give you the words.
I said, went on for some time.
It's just...